Zefir vs Müller (#1643)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/e/kpw/2025-06-20-kpw-arena-29.md

* On 7.05.2025 KPW posted an image of an empty card with eight slots, accompanied by a numbered list of 1-8, implying eight matches (although some of the items on the list might be non-fight segments).
* The show will notably see the return of [Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md), last seen at [Pyrkon 2024](@/e/kpw/2024-06-15-kpw-pyrkon-2024.md), as well as the debut of a new tag team from Austria: Tribe of Wrath, made up of Barbarossa and Curtis Black.
* On 5.06.2025 KPW published an image announcing [Krystian Malinowski's](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) investigation into the attack on him at [Arena 26](@/e/kpw/2024-11-15-kpw-arena-26.md).
* On 8.06.2025 KPW's social media announced [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) vs Italian-born, Hamburg-based wrestler Luca de Leone.

> * On 11.06.2025 KPW oficially confirmed ZefirVeit Müller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On 11.06.2025 KPW oficially confirmed Zefi vs Veit Müller for the show.
```
